hey whats up guys so I found out
something interesting a couple days ago
dragon bones the lowest price they've
been in about three years I don't know
how accurate that information is but
they are extremely low in price i think
i paid 1.6 k when I bought him um but I
got the various legs drop not too long
ago and I sold those 447 mill decided I
mean I did the math and turmoil would
cost me 46 meal give or take a meal
depending on margins so it seemed like a
sign seemed like the perfect time to go
ahead and buy turmoil especially in the
EOC I hear it's extremely helpful so I
went ahead and bought it right here is
the slot about 26.5 k dragon bones and
again they are the lowest price I've
been you know in forever they're
obviously gonna go back up so how about
another 30 k and I'm gonna hold on to
these and see what kind of profit i can
make we will go ahead and take these out
those are what i need for 95 prayer yeah
95 prayer and I've been running them for
a while now I've 22k left again i
started with 26.5 k but the first night
i bought these i bought the you know the
10k they instantly bought and i decided
to go ahead and run bones and it was
crazy um the house i was in you know I
went to world 31 the regular house party
world and there was a hot and cold host
inside beside the altar you know playing
hot and cold and she was intrude and you
know whatever else I played a little bit
got 200k up iron and just you know back
to my bones I was a huge XP waste a
couple trips later I came back and she's
announcing a 70 mil drop party it should
be the clip rolling right now but this
70 mil drop party you know I'm I called
immediately I was like this
she's not gonna drop 70 mil no way
especially in a house janna just not
happening I'll be she went out there and
a ton of other people went out there so
I was like what the hell why not XP ways
yeah but what if she does drop it so I
went out and I waited um she ran around
started dropping in yellow flowers
someone called her out on the troll she
said no and for some reason I believed
her no I have no idea why I believed it
all of a sudden coins pop up on the
ground i click on him I pick him up 70
mil in the money pouch you're okay
anyways have meal profit that's crazy
guys I made 70 mil buying turmoil bought
turmoil in profit 70 mil you tell me who
else can be something out like that
crazy right right
so anyway as of now I'm 85 / I've gained
five levels in a couple of days actually
it hasn't taken long those clips should
be rolling I missed 84 prayer now I came
up on me too quick so I didn't get that
recorded anyway after turmoil and
soulsplit I've decided I'm probably
gonna go and get Chaotix how that I need
I need your guy's help I can't decide if
I want to get a chaotic maul or um you
know dual chaotic rapier I realized the
rape using cost me 300 k tokens which
really doesn't matter to me i enjoyed
dungeoneering i can solo now and you
know still get good XP I don't have to
deal with old team thing it's not that I
don't you know it's not that I hate
working with a team but I do better so
low you know I don't have to deal with
other people uh but should be you know
looking at that drop comment below let
me know chaotic maul or the dual rapiers
and the only reason i say i would get
the chaotic maul is cuz you know a
two-handed weapon really isn't that bad
since the EOC pretty much my main weapon
now is an SGS saradomin God's Word which
is an awesome weapon by the way it heals
both HP and prayer twenty-five percent
of a chance or something like that one
out of every four hits it will heal your
HP in your prayer which is awesome so
the SGS what I've been using I don't
really use my whip anymore as far as the
offhand for a whip enhanced Excalibur I
haven't done the Sears task so I don't
have it so do a wielding is kind of out
of it for me I'm not gonna do a wheeled
with a offhand dragon skinny just don't
have that in me I'm looking at taking a
more of a skilling approach I don't know
I'm very close to max combat so I need
to max that out soon should see that
soon but I do want to get turmoil first
especially now I have all kinds of XP
bonuses i have a ten percent for a few
days and i ended up spending all my
little loyalty points on master
corruption i get some cool wings and a
little bit of XP boost i bought wisdom
to which kind of deceived me I thought
is me two and a half times the XP it's
actually only two and a half percent
which sucks I probably should have read
that more spent 30k or something on in
anyway guys that's it for this video
it's pretty sure but I figured I wanted
to show this with you my luck streak is
still continuing bought turmoil
and profited 70 mil that's insane anyway
guys thanks for watching I'll see you
all next time